Hello, my name is key r
I think that I want to go on a small voice today because it is late at night today
Today is it
This trouble dark topic and Lee Sparkdenz
Now I bought pressure so I would like to open it
I like it
If you can see this week's square, I know
By'm a little myself I am roughening had thrilled's shop
But he is
I do not come this Laraya
It's great
It's pretty cute
1 Lara I haven't come out so recently
I hope it will come out a little, but this week's is not listed, and this month's
I didn't let it happen this month
It's a bit disappointing, but it's pretty cute this ah
Nde I'd like decoration on the back is not a fickle and magazines too big
Well, I'd not be made, however introduction Fu say
The time being disagreeable Bailly is
It attaches to a word
Well then
It is recommended that you want to open
Hmm
To the unusual scissors
You were different
th
Taking
Sorry
To go
There is no underground
Also
th
Yu
Ie
If sold Uraraurara glad Rebabara Favorite why I want is okay also why
It is a little glad I in I had this certain person is the head aim is the equal relationship
eh
Only one
Yes
It should be data
not
Pair
It is + and
It does appear question
I will stand for the rest
Akira only buys one night only for 3 nights
I think it will be tough in 3 back
Sorry
Wind say
Momoy
eh
8 people Amea'
Have
Good good
I'm glad I entered
Yes
darkness
Because we are playing this 4
It's a rarity guy, this dark is nice
I will go there
I will go in
Nemb
What ant
pse
Annoying
Yes nice nice nice nice
This is the first time is hella happy
Well this Who's 7 Station
Konoragaii the Ahai
It is cute if it is this
The harvest Yes It is these two Urara
Well then
It was such a feeling
Same rough
Well then I'm going to open a video with this again I think I'm going to do some trouble, so please try the next by all means
Thank you for watching